(Samples) Transfer in (#231)
OfficeDev/office-scripts-docs: docs/resources/samples/clear-table-filter-for-active-cell.md

---

> title: 'Clear table column filter based on active cell location in Office Scripts'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'Clear table column filter based on active cell location'
```

description: 'Learn how to clear table column filter based on active cell location.'
ms.date: 03/04/2021
localization_priority: Normal
---

# Clear table column filter based on active cell location

> This sample clears the table column filter based on the active cell location. The script detects if the cell is part of a table and then determines the table column and clears any filter that may be applied on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample clears the table column filter based on the active cell location. The script detects if the cell is part of a table, determines the table column, and clears any filter that are applied on it.
```

> If you wish to learn more about how to save the filter prior to clearing it (and re-apply later), see [Move rows across tables by saving filters, then processing and reapplying the filters](move-rows-across-tables.md), a more advanced sample.

Reviewer: That's a really long title, lol.

---
title: 'Clear table column filter based on active cell location in Office Scripts'
description: 'Learn how to clear table column filter based on active cell location.'
ms.date: 03/02/2021
localization_priority: Normal
---

# Clear table column filter based on active cell location

> Shows how to clear the table column filter based on active cell location. The script detects if the cell is part of a table and then determines the table column and clears any filter that may be applied on it.

Reviewer: Suggestion to make the opening a more complete sentence.
```suggestion
This sample clears the table column filter based on active cell location. The script detects if the cell is part of a table and then determines the table column and clears any filter that may be applied on it.
```

If you wish to learn more about how to save the filter prior to clearing it (and re-apply later), check out a [more advanced sample](move-rows-across-tables.md).

> ## Video

Reviewer: How do we want to order these parts? Right now, it's:
- Video
- Images
- Script

Does that seem like the right approach? Or should we give code first? My assumption is people want the sample up front (particularly for smaller, more self-evident samples), but I could go either way.
- Script
- Image
- Video

Author: Right now I'm leaning toward:
- Image
- Script
- Video

Reviewer: Works for me!

> ## Screenshots

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

See [Range basics](range-basics.md#videos)

## Screenshots

_Before clearing column filter (notice the active cell)_

> ![Before clearing column filter](../../images/before-filter-applied.png)

Reviewer: This runs a bit counter to my earlier comment, but if we think the screenshots really help sell the description, maybe we should put them right after the "What this scripts does" text block.

## Sample Excel file

The example script can be applied to any Excel file with a table. For convenience, you can use the following file.

* <a href="table-with-filter.xlsx">table-with-filter.xlsx</a>

> ## Office Script

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Office Script sample code: Clear table column filter based on active cell
```
